new to cruising well let the fun begin
cruising is a great vacation experience
and cruising with Disney takes the worry
and hassle out of your travel a cruise
vacation allows you to explore exotic
destinations while offering the
convenience and luxury of a world-class
resort whether it's a quick getaway to
the Bahamas or a full week of exploring
the Caribbean or other exciting
locations you'll enjoy the ease and
comfort of being on board a cruise ship
imagine being able to see all sorts of
destinations without having to figure
out all of the logistics on a cruise you
are able to visit several popular
vacation destinations with the
convenience of unpacking only one time
along the way you can visit different
ports of call and when you're done
exploring just return to the ship where
you'll find unique dining experiences
dazzling stage productions activities
for all ages an incredible deck top pool
I'm sure you'll find as I have that the
hassle free aspects of cruising allow
you to spend more time with your friends
and family and sailing with Disney
Cruise Line you're sure to create
vacation memories that last a lifetime
it's important that you feel comfortable
and relaxed no matter where your
vacation destination but of course with
any
experience there can be some sort of
uneasiness and there are plenty of
rumors about cruising in general as a
frequent cruise traveler one of the most
common questions I'm asked is don't you
worry about getting sick and the answer
is no at least no more than I do at the
local grocery store movie theater or any
other public place the so called cruise
ship illness is actually a stomach bug
which could be contracted anywhere
cruise ships like Disney work with the
u.s. Board of Health and CDC to ensure
the best practices for controlling the
spread of disease as the mother of two
children one thing I emphasize when we
travel is the importance of washing
their hands and Disney makes it even
easier by promoting strong hand-washing
practices on board their ships in
addition hand sanitation stations are
located throughout the ship including
the entrances to all dining locations as
for motion sickness the great news is
that Disney ships are equipped with
stabilizers to give you the smoothest
voyage possible and most guests don't
have a problem but if you're prone to
motion sickness and are worried it's
always good to be prepared
simple over-the-counter medications
behind the ear patches or even natural
remedies such as ginger and green apples
can be very effective in helping to
control the symptoms of motion sickness
if something else comes up a physician
and a nurse are on board and on call 24
hours a day to provide basic medical
services as a mother when traveling with
my family I keep safety top of mind my
family has taken nearly 10 cruises with
Disney and you'll be pleased to know
that they take active measure to promote
a safe vacation for everyone parents can
take comfort in the security procedures
of Disney Cruise Line
for instance the card swiping system
documents on ship off ship activity of
each and every passenger
youth activity areas have thorough
check-in checkout procedures to better
ensure your child's safety
in addition parents are given pagers so
they can be notified by youth activity
counselors if their child would like to
reach them for any reason I can't tell
you the number of times I've been asked
about whether on a cruise the good news
is that cruise ships have
state-of-the-art equipment to track
storms and are mobile so they're able to
change course to avoid severe weather
and here's a tip for you a great time to
sail is September through November or so
called hurricane season because the
rates are usually low and the storm
systems are very infrequent in the
unlikely event that a hurricane does
occur the ship's team always keeps a
safe distance from the storm and has the
ability to alter the itinerary to do so
finally I often get asked about what is
included in the price of a cruise cruise
vacations are considered all-inclusive
but it's important to find out what that
means for each particular line with
Disney your cruise fare includes
luxurious family-friendly staterooms
world-class dining access to the Disney
characters original stage productions
phenomenal youth activities Disney
quality service and so much more on a
Disney cruise you'll also find a lot of
little extras such as unlimited
self-service soft drinks first-run
movies and the only fireworks display at
sea all offered at no extra charge can
make all the difference when determining
the value of your vacation experience so
whether you're thinking of a shorter
three or four night getaway or a full
week-long vacation you'll quickly come
to realize that cruising is a
hassle-free safe vacation option for
every member of the family to learn more
about a Disney cruise vacation visit
Disney cruise calm the website is loaded
with information and planning tools so
you can create a unique vacation for you
and your family I'm Emily Kaufman the
travel mom here with family friendly
tips for your next disney cruise
vacation